doc: Added known issues related to Matter (#19882)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

.. rst-class:: v2-9-0

> NCSDK-28567: Swap time after DFU takes a very long time

Reviewer: seems like the issue affects 2.8.0 as well

Author: Right, thanks

>   Due to the incorrect RRAM buffer configuration, the swap time after DFU can exceed 3 minutes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Due to the incorrect RRAM buffer configuration, the swap time after DFU can exceed three minutes.
```

The issues in this section are related to :ref:`matter_samples`.

.. rst-class:: v2-9-0

> KRKNWK-19861: ICD DSLS does not work with the Smoke CO Alarm

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-19861: ICD DSLS does not work with the :ref:`matter_smoke_co_alarm_sample` sample
```

>   According to the sample's readme the ICD DSLS can be enabled by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ICD_DSLS_SUPPORT` Kconfig option to ``y``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  According to the sample documentation, the ICD DSLS can be enabled by setting the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ICD_DSLS_SUPPORT` Kconfig option to ``y``.
```

>   There is a missing information that additionally the ICD Management cluster's feature map has to be set to ``0xf`` in the sample's ``.zap`` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Additionally, the ICD Management cluster's feature map has to be set to ``0xf`` in the sample's ``.zap`` file.
  This piece of information is missing from the documentation.
  It will be added in the next version.
```
